Add info about accessing container images from private registries (#1628)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-overview.md

    dapr.io/config: "tracing"
```

> #### Container images from private registries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pull container images from private registries

```

> Dapr works seamlessly with any container image, regardless of its origin. For information about pulling images from a private registry read [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/). If you are using Azure Container Registry with Azure Kubernetes Service, check [AKS documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-container-registry-integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr works seamlessly with any container image, regardless of its origin, if the cluster is configured to pull from the registry. For information about pulling images from a private registry, reference the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/). If you are using Azure Container Registry with Azure Kubernetes Service, reference the [AKS documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-container-registry-integration).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    dapr.io/config: "tracing"
```

## Pull container images from private registries

> Dapr works seamlessly with any container image, regardless of its origin, if the cluster is configured to pull from the registry. For information about pulling images from a private registry, reference the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/). If you are using Azure Container Registry with Azure Kubernetes Service, reference the [AKS documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-container-registry-integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr works seamlessly with any user application container image, regardless of its origin. Simply init Dapr and add the [Dapr annotations]({{< ref kubernetes-annotations >}}) to your Kubernetes definition to add the Dapr sidecar.

The Dapr control-plane and sidecar images come from the [daprio Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/daprio) container registry.

For information about pulling your application images from a private registry, reference the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/). If you are using Azure Container Registry with Azure Kubernetes Service, reference the [AKS documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/cluster-container-registry-integration).
```
